In this video,
we'll cover Student Information.
So currently the app does not have a method
to retrieve student information from the database.
So student information is like the student name,
the email address, the grades and so on.
And what we'll do is we'll apply TDD
to implement this new functionality.
So we'll focus on the backend first
and then we'll move over to the UE in later videos.
All righty, so we're inside of our IDE
in our student and grade service test.
And what we're going to do is write a failing test first.
So I'll move down here
and find some free space to create this new test.
I'll call this test studentInformation,
very plain, very simple.
And I'll do a couple of things here.
I'll attempt to retrieve the gradebook
for a college student.
I'll make use of studentService.studentInformation(1).
So, hey, give me the gradebook
or give me the information for student ID of one.
And, of course, we don't have that method.
So we need to go ahead and define it,
method in our student and grade service.
We have this method here, student information
passing in the idea of one
and returning that given data.
Right now we'll simply return null,
and we'll add the real functionality later.
Now, inside of our test,
let's go ahead and add some asserts.
So first thing we want to do
is assertNotNull(gradebookCollegeStudent)
and then we want to verify the student information.
So when I verify the student ID,
next, we want to verify the student's first name
and also last name.
And then we want to verify the student's email address.
And then we also want to verify
the number of grades for a given subject.
We'll do the work here from Math grades,
Science grade and History grade.
Now, let's go ahead and run this test
and as expected, the test fails
because we haven't done any real work.
At the moment in our student and grade service
that method simply returns null.
So there's still some work to do.
And we'll cover that in the next video.